The president is so vicissitudes
Is it because of me?
Why do you keep looking at you?
I've never seen anything like you
Don't think about it.
It's not you who's worried
It's the baby in the belly
I see.
How can I explain this to you?
Tomorrow we go back home
Ozawa
The doctor has grown up
Sorry, the president has not yet.
But I've got a few ideas.
Three months ago.
The doctor who operated on his wife was in a car accident
He was placed in a nursing home.
Ask the punishment card people to find them one by one
I'll give you another week.
20 is fine
Hey Joe
Love you this time
The work at the Treasure of Pregnancy exhibition is very different
The lottery company received 50 million orders that day
I think the position of this summary is none other than you
Don't forget me in the future
Oops, I also work for the director
It will depend on his arrangement then.
I haven't congratulated you on your promotion and raise yet
What do I have to celebrate?
Hey
I heard that the company has a new manager named Tiantian today
It's for Tiananmen Square
I heard that he has a good relationship with the president
Likely to become the former director
You are Joanne
You are